CoAP support for nRF Cloud REST samples (#23708)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-1.8.0.rst

* Added:

>   * :re`f:`nrf_cloud_fota_sample` sample, demonstrating how to perform FOTA updates with the nRF Cloud REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`nrf_cloud_fota_sample` sample, demonstrating how to perform FOTA updates with the nRF Cloud REST API.
```
